Update README.md (#7779)
dotnet/project-system: docs/repo/property-pages/README.md

﻿# Project Property Pages

> This documentation details the updated Project Properties UI and associated back end, added to Visual Studio in 2021.

Reviewer: I think this comment is correct. This is not talking about the version for Visual Studio but the timeframe of when it was added

Author: It's confusing as it's read -- we never talk about timeframes we talk about when/what products they are introduced.

Reviewer: The way the updated version reads makes sense

> This documentation details the updated Project Properties UI and associated back end, added to Visual Studio in 2022.

Reviewer 2: Talking about the product version is probably more useful than the year but we want to be clear on which one we mean.

```suggestion
This documentation details the updated Project Properties UI and associated back end, first released in Visual Studio 2022.
```
